sf RNs : June 12 (#2911)
forcedotcom/cli: releasenotes/README.md

* NEW: We now publish all artifacts associated with a Salesforce CLI release in the [salesforce/cli](https://github.com/salesforcecli/cli/releases) GitHub repository. The release artifacts include the operating system-specific installers, such as the Windows `*.exe` executable, and all TAR files for the Linux, Windows, and macOS installs.

    To download a particular artifact, go to the [Releases](https://github.com/salesforcecli/cli/releases) page, click on the release (such as [2.45.6](https://github.com/salesforcecli/cli/releases/tag/2.45.6)), open **Assets**, and then click on the artifact.  (github-workflows PR [#107](https://github.com/salesforcecli/github-workflows/pull/107))

    The links to download the Salesforce CLI installation packages, executables, and TAR files that are documented in the [Salesforce CLI Setup Guide](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_setup.meta/sfdx_setup/sfdx_setup_install_cli.htm) continue to work as before. 

* NEW: Salesforce CLI now prompts you with potential alternatives when you misstype a username or alias when running an `org login` command. (sfdx-core PR [#1079](https://github.com/forcedotcom/sfdx-core/pull/1079))

> * FIX: Source Mobility (BETA): If you move a local file to a new location in your project, and then edit the file before running `project deploy start|preview` or `project retrieve start|preview`, Salesforce CLI now correctly handles both the file move and the update.  Previously the edit would be lost. (source-tracking [#601](https://github.com/forcedotcom/source-tracking/pull/601))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FIX: Source Mobility (BETA): If you move a local file to a new location in your project, and then edit the file before running `project deploy start|preview` or `project retrieve start|preview`, Salesforce CLI now correctly handles both the file move and the update.  Previously that looked like you added one file and deleted the original. (source-tracking [#601](https://github.com/forcedotcom/source-tracking/pull/601))
```
